Resume Sections:
  Necessary:
    Skills -Technical Skills-.
    Experience -If Exist-.
    Projects -The Best You Have-.
    Education -The Last Education Experience-.
  Optional:
    Awards and Certificates Section.
    Personal interest -Hobbies-.
Skills Section Guidances:
  Avoid qualifiers like -beginner- or -intermediate-.
    Instead just put them in an order from the from the most proficient to the least. 
  It can be putted in the top of your resume.
  List technical skills like programming languages and tools.
  How this section helps yu:
    Can help you pass from the ATS.
    Gives the Recruiter and Hiring Manager an idea about: 
      Your skills.
      If you match the job requirements.
Experience Section Guidances:
  Each work experience should contains couple of bullet points.
    These bullet points should follow the Bullet Points Instructions in the bottom.
  Internships can be considered as a work experience.
Projects Section Guidances:
  Each project should contains couple of bullet points.
    These bullet points should follow the Bullet Points Instructions in the bottom.
  Add details about each project, like:
    Project Descriptions.
    Your role and what you did. 
    Technologies used.
  Showcase impactful personal, class, or open-source projects.
Education Section Guidances:
  Usually you need to add the Last education experience with the finish date only.
Awards and Certifications Section Guidances:
  List relevant achievements, research, certifications, and training.  
Personal interest Section Guidances:
  Avoid it unless it's relevant to the job offer.
Bullet Points Instructions:
  Talk about yourself, not the company or the team.
  Highlight challenges, actions, and impacts using action verbs.  
  Use Metrics and Numbers -quantifiable achievements-, usually in the IMPACT part:
    500 Users, +90%, ect.
  Include technical details to show your scope and challenges.
    Showing your problem solving skills, by highting specific problems and how you solve them.
  After reading each bullet point make sure that you answer the question of `So What`.
  Each work experience should answer the following questions:
    What did you do?
    How did you do it?
    What was the result?
  Try to follow the following flow:
    USED X TO ACCOMPLISH Y THAT HAD Z IMPACT/RESULT.
      USED will be changed with some action verbs like:
        Developed, Engineered, Implemented, Optimized, Built, Led, Increased...
      In each project whatever its type, Personal, Open Source, Company Project, Freelance.
  Providing a link to the projects if possible.
  In the end of each project you can list the languages and the technologies you use.
General Guidances:
  Personal Info:
    Like:
      Name, Email, Number, LinkedIn & Github account.
    Should be in the top with a bold style differentiates them from the other content.
  Sections Ordering:
    There is no sections ordering for all:
      Start with the most impressive aspect of your profile, for example: 
        Skills, experience, or projects.
  Resume Shape:
    Colors:
      Stay in the standard area, usually just white and black it's enough.
    Try to keep the same format in all the sections you have if possible.
      Same spacing and formatting.
    Use proficient fonts, like:
      Arial, Calibri, Times new roman.
    Use a test size easy to read:
      10 to 12.
    Use bullet points.
    Bold some important information is fine, but avoid using this technique a lot.
      If everything is bold, nothing is bold.
  Along with Resume Writing you should build it also:
    Resumes are built over time through meaningful experiences and projects. 
      Focus on developing skills and achievements to enhance your resume.
    Building resume by:
      Participate in Hackathones.
      Contribute to Open Source.
      Build Personal Projects.
      Learn new skills.
      etc.
  Always customize your resume to math the job description.
  Resume long:
    If you have less than 5 years of experience, one page is very enough.
    If you have more than 5 years of experience, you can go between one to two pages.
  Instead of writing your soft skills, try to show them in your sections.
Things To Avoid:
  Copy-pasting old templates or others resumes.
  Including irrelevant or outdated information.
  Overloading the resume -less is often more-.
  Grammar error.
  Long paragraph, instead use Bullet Points.
How read your resume:
  Resume Filters, also called Applicant tracking system -ATS-: 
    Filters resumes using keywords and skills from job descriptions.  
    Use ATS-friendly formats and optimize with relevant keywords.  
    Use keywords from the job description. 
  Recruiters: 
    Focus on the top part of the resume to grab their attention quickly.
  Hiring Managers: 
    Emphasize impressive projects or experience.
    Focus on showcasing job-relevant experience and accomplishments.